hey guys I you some spotted hockey
airsoft here with another video for you
guys today now today is a pretty
exciting video and also first for me
here on the death career soft youtube
channel today marks the day November 25
2013 that will be holding our first air
ever airsoft giveaway on my youtube
channel now this giveaways been brought
to you by airsplat com they're the one
who's sponsoring it providing all the
items to give away so big thanks to them
obviously you want to check out their
site down below in the description now
before I get into the meat of this video
and discuss the prizes little be given
out during the giveaway which I'm hoping
to reveal the results of maybe sometime
next week so you guys will probably have
about seven days to enter for the time
this video is posted what I want to
discuss is how you actually enter so
please pay attention this because if you
don't do these very simple steps
correctly you unfortunately miss it on a
chance to get these awesome products now
number one your first step to entry is
to subscribe to airsplat coms youtube
channel obviously linked down below in
the description to their Channel next
you also want to subscribe to my youtube
channel it's very simple obviously just
click the title of the channel my name
dab below or add extra link of the
description as well thirdly very simple
I decided to make it simple because you
know I understand some people don't have
cameras or access to here so if guns
they can make her views of or games they
can go take videos of I decided to make
it incredibly simple step simply post a
comment down below in that comment
section I know it's a mess with all the
Google+ crap but go ahead and comment
down below you know I want to enter
whatever you just post a comment you'll
be entered don't post multiple comments
that's the easiest way to get on my
nerves and get yourself disqualified so
1 comment subscribe to airsplat
subscribe myself in order to enter into
this giveaway now what are those prizes
well let's take a look at those firstly
we're going to be giving away a
brand-new a katsu Hades arrow airsoft
mortar launcher complete with to foam
rocket shells for you to launch out of
this thing this is I believe a hundred
and thirty dollar value on airsplat com
link download the product description of
this as well and it's certainly an
awesome prize to win we've also got this
brand-new jgs LA dash for airsoft aeg
it's the one I reviewed most
on my channel and this is certainly an
awesome airsoft aeg again link to the
product description down below in the
description of the video and also you
can check out the video review of my
channel as well certainly an awesome aeg
personally my favorite thing to win and
then of course we have some smaller
stuff as well and here splat twenty
dollar gift card as well as an airsplat
t-shirt so if you're interested in
winning any of these prizes which i
certainly hope you would they are free
in a giveaway go ahead and subscribe to
airsplat subscribe to me death glares
often post a comment down below in the
description like i said you've got about
a week to enter before I reveal the
results so get to it hope you win
something guys thanks for watching